docs(kustomize): Add kustomization ref to examples (#35)
spinnaker/kustomization-base: README.md

The two optional Spinnaker services this workflow currently supports are Fiat
and Kayenta.

> In the following kustomization files, `?ref=${KUSTOMIZATION_BASE_REF}` is an optional but it's recommended to to make sure you could prevent some breaking changes from breaking your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following kustomization files, we recommend including `?ref=${KUSTOMIZATION_BASE_REF}` to pin kustomization-base to a specific version.
```

Author: Thank you for the review! It'd make more sense 👍
